[Excel] (Samples) Fixing corrupt hyperlink and changing headers in JSON data sample (#472)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/get-table-data.md

---

> title: 'Output Excel data as JSON'
> description: 'Learn how to output Excel table data as JSON to use in Power Automate.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Output Excel data as JSON
description: Learn how to output Excel table data as JSON to use in Power Automate.
```
